Adds missing description, synopsis and examples for handwritten authentication cmdlets (#2333)
microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-powershell: src/Authentication/descriptions/Get-MgGraphOption.md

> Confirm if web account manager (WAM) support has been enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets global configurations that apply to the SDK. For example, check if Web Account Manager (WAM) support has been enabled.
```
